<!--
	Below is an "Infobox" — markup for the little sidebar box thing that appears on all Wikipedia entries. Most of this information we won't need to add, but I wanted to leave it all there if people can come up with anything to add to the categories.
-->

{{Infobox school
	| name                    = Prime Digital Academy
	| logo                    =
	| logo_size               =
	| logo_alt                =
	| image                   =
	| image_size              =
	| alt                     =
	| caption                 =
	| mottoes                 = Code Tomorrow, Read/Write/Speak/Teach
	| address                 = 301 4th Ave S., Suite 577
	| city                    = [[Minneapolis]]
	| county                  = [[Hennepin County, Minnesota|Hennepin County]]
	| state                   = [[Minnesota]]
	| zipcode                 = 55415
	| country                 = [[United States]]
	| coordinates             = {{Coord|44.978069|-93.263490|display=inline,title}}
	| other_name              = Prime Academy, Prime
	| type                    = [[Coding Bootcamp]]
	| established             = <!-- {{Start date|YYYY|MM|DD|df=y}} -->
	| founded                 =
	| opened                  =
	| founder                 = Mark Hurlburt
	| status                  = Open
	| president               =
	| chair                   = <!-- use | chair_label = to override the default label -->
	| chairman                = <!-- use | chairman_label = to override the default label -->
	| chairperson             = <!-- use | chairperson_label = to override the default label -->
	| administrator           =
	| director                =
	| principal               = <!-- use | principal_label = to override the default label -->
	| campus_director         =
	| head_teacher            = Scott Bromander, Ange Wang
	| staff                   = <!-- number of staff -->
	| faculty                 = <!-- number of faculty -->
	| teaching_staff          = <!-- number of teaching_staff -->
	| employees               = <!-- number of employees -->
	| key_people              =
	| enrollment              = <!-- or | enrolment = or | students = or | pupils = -->
	| enrollment_as_of        = <!-- or | enrolment_as_of = or | students_as_of = or | pupils_as_of = -->
	| average_class_size      = 12
	| classes_offered         = Full-Stack Software Development, User Experience Design
	| language                = English
	| classrooms              = 4
	| campuses                = [[Minneapolis]], [[Kansas City]]
	| campus_type             = Urban
	| colors                  = {{color box|#07aa9e}}
	| tuition                 = $16,000
	| communities             = [[Minneapolis–Saint_Paul|Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area]], [[Kansas City metropolitan area]]
	| website                 = {{URL|https://primeacademy.io}}
	| picture                 =
	| picture_caption         =
	| picture2                =
	| picture_caption2        =
}}

'''Prime Digital Academy''' (often referred to as Prime Academy, or simply Prime) is a [[computer programming]] and [[user experience design]] school, founded by Mark Hurlburt '''+++and more?+++''' in '''+++YEAR+++'''. Prime's campus is located in the [[Minneapolis Grain Exchange]] building in Downtown [[Minneapolis]]. Previously, the campus was located in [[Bloomington, Minnesota|Bloomington, MN]].

==History==

Prime was founded in '''+++YEAR+++'''' to meet a need within the software development industry. Prime's founders worked for The Nerdery — a software development company in [[Bloomington, MN]] — and were having trouble finding qualified talent within the Twin Cities area. The idea of creating a school was discussed as early as '''+++YEAR+++''', and actual work toward opening the school began in '''+++YEAR+++'''.

In '''YEAR''', the campus was moved from its original Bloomington location to Downtown Minneapolis.

In 2018, Prime opened its second campus in Kansas City, led by Scott Bromander, Prime's Lead Instructor.

==Courses==

===Full-Stack Web Development===

Prime began by offering courses in full-stack web development. The curriculum was and still is tailored and adapted to match the industry's current needs.

===User Experience Design===

In January of 2017, Prime started offering a new course track in User Experience (UX) Design. This pilot program was led by Ange Wang — an already experienced UX designer and educator — and started with a class of +++AMOUNT+++ students.

A space was rented nextdoor to The Nerdery.

===Seminars===

In 2018, Prime began offering short seminars, currently offered only to alumni.

Seminars currently completed or planned:

- Game Design with Unity
- iOS

===Curriculum Format===

The general curriculum format for both the full-stack development and UX programs is:

# '''Tier 1''' ''Prework'' - 6 weeks of online study using online tutorials and videos
# '''Tier 2''' ''Boot'' - 6 weeks of lecture, and solo and small group exercises
# '''Tier 3''' ''Build'' - 6 weeks of work on a solo project, a group project, and job interviews
## 2 weeks on a solo project of the student's choosing
## 3–4 weeks on a group project, working for real businesses to develop and design a software or UX product
## Interviews with real tech recruiters and tech companies in the Twin Cities

==Cohort Names==

The full-stack web development and UX design programs follow different naming schemes.

===Full-Stack Web Development Naming Scheme===

From the beginning, cohorts have been named after the letters of the Greek alphabet (starting with Beta). After running out of Greek letters to use, naming switched to celestial bodies.

{| class=wikitable
	|-
	! Cohort Name
	! Start Date
	! Graduation Date
	! Nickname
	! Slogan
	|-
	| Beta
	|
	|
	|
	|
	|-
	| Gamma
	|
	| 2015-10-02
	|
	|
	|-
	| Delta
	|
	| 2015-10-30
	|
	|
	|-
	| Epsilon
	|
	| 2015-11-25
	|
	|
	|-
	| Zeta
	|
	| 2016-01-15
	|
	|
	|-
	| Eta
	|
	| 2016-02-12
	|
	|
	|-
	| Theta
	|
	| 2016-03-11
	|
	|
	|-
	| Iota
	|
	| 2016-04-15
	|
	|
	|-
	| Kappa
	|
	|
	|
	|
	|-
	| Lambda
	|
	|
	|
	|
	|-
	| Mu
	|
	| 2016-06-15
	|
	|
	|-
	| Nu
	|
	| 2016-08-12
	|
	|
	|-
	| Xi
	|
	| 2016-09-09
	|
	|
	|-
	| Omicron
	|
	| 2016-10-14
	|
	|
	|-
	| Pi
	|
	| 2016-11-11
	|
	| "Three Point" "One Four"
	|-
	| Rho
	|
	| 2016-12-09
	|
	|
	|-
	| Sigma
	| 2016-09-12
	| 2017-01-27
	| Sigmanauts
	| "Potato"
	|-
	| Tau
	|
	| 2017-02-24
	|
	|
	|-
	| Upsilon
	|
	| 2017-03-24
	|
	|
	|-
	| Phi
	|
	| 2017-04-28
	| Phire Phiters
	| "Taco"
	|-
	| Chi
	|
	| 2017-06-09
	| Chi-Yaks
	| "Cakaw!"
	|-
	| Psi
	|
	| 2017-07-14
	|
	| "Sigh…"
	|-
	| Omega
	|
	| 2017-08-18
	|
	|
	|-
	| Antares
	|
	| 2017-09-22
	|
	|
	|-
	| Betelgeuse
	| 2017-06-12
	| 2017-10-27
	| Geesen
	| "Honk Honk"
	|-
	| Canopus
	|
	| 2017-12-01
	|
	| *Stomp Stomp* "Hiss"
	|-
	| Deneb
	|
	| 2018-01-19
	|
	| "Good Day-neb"
	|-
	| Elnath
	| 2017-09-25
	| 2018-02-23
	| Elnathians
	| "Well good for you."
	|-
	| Fomalhaut
	|
	| 2018-03-30
	|
	|
	|-
	| Gacrux
	|
	| 2018-04-04
	|
	|
	|-
	| Hadar
	|
	| 2018-06-08
	|
	|
	|-
	| Kochab
	|
	| 2018-07-13
	|
	|
	|-
	| Menkar
	|
	| 2018-08-17
	|
	|
	|-
	| Nunki
	|
	| 2018-09-21
	|
	|
	|-
	| Polaris
	|
	| 2018-10-26
	|
	|
	|-
	| Rigel
	|
	| 2018-11-30
	|
	|
	|-
	| Sirius
	|
	| 2019-01-18
	|
	|
	|-
	| Vega
	|
	| 2019-02-22
	|
	|
|}

===UX Design Naming Scheme===

For the UX Design program, the cohort names are taken from the [[Telephone_exchange_names#Standardization|Telephone exchange name standardization list]] created by AT&T in 1955. Currently known cohort names are as follows.

{| class=wikitable
	|-
	! Cohort Name
	! Start Date
	! Graduation Date
	! Nickname
	! Slogan
	|-
	| Baldwin
	|
	| 2017-04-14
	|
	|
	|-
	| Belmont
	|
	| 2017-07-14
	|
	|
	|-
	| Churchill
	|
	| 2017-10-13
	|
	|
	|-
	| Alpine
	|
	| 2018-01-26
	|
	|
	|-
	| Colfax
	|
	| 2018-04-27
	|
	|
	|-
	| Broadway
	|
	| 2018-07-27
	|
	|
	|-
	| Atwood
	|
	| 2018-10-26
	|
	|
	|-
	| Cypress
	|
	| 2019-02-08
	|
	|
|}

==Tech Industry Impact==

Prime Academy graduates have gone on to work for many different companies in the Twin Cities, including [[C. H. Robinson|C.H. Robinson]], [[Target Corporation|Target]], [[Best Buy]], '''+++NEED MORE+++'''

==References==

{{reflist}}

==External Links==

* [http://primeacademy.io Prime Academy's website]

[[Category:Coding schools]]
